Update README.md with version matrix (#345)
celestiaorg/networks: README.md

This repository contains the `genesis.json` for Celestia testnets.

> If you want to see versions per testnets that are being used, then navigate to this [grafana dashboard](https://celestia.grafana.net/goto/JktIO8zSg?orgId=1)

Reviewer: [question] is this Grafana dashboard publicly visible? When I navigate to it and login via a non Celestia org account, I observe this error:

<img width="517" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-06 at 2 40 46 PM" src="https://github.com/celestiaorg/networks/assets/3699047/75c80dd5-3888-408d-886a-5cffc63ab21e">

If this dashboard isn't publicly accessible, I think we should maintain a publicly accessible version matrix. In other words, I don't think we should close https://github.com/celestiaorg/networks/issues/159 yet.

btw the dashboard is nice, and I'll keep it bookmarked 👍

Author: I've changed the link to a public view, so there is no login needed. 
Thanks for the catch! Should be fine now

> If you want to see versions per testnets that are being used, then navigate to this [grafana dashboard](https://celestia.grafana.net/goto/JktIO8zSg?orgId=1)

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to see versions per testnets that are being used, then navigate to this [grafana dashboard](https://celestia.grafana.net/public-dashboards/5d14d96e44f04664bb0c44267e5d645c)
```
